README.md, before:

# JMB-WinEQ-2022
WinEQ 2022 is a Joe Multiboxer agent implementation of WinEQ 2, for multiboxing EverQuest.

Work is in progress!

# Overview

**WinEQ 2022**, an agent for [Joe Multiboxer](https://joemultiboxer.com), is **now available for testing** via <https://github.com/LavishSoftware/JMB-WinEQ-2022>. Here's a direct link to the download! <https://github.com/LavishSoftware/JMB-WinEQ-2022/archive/refs/heads/master.zip>

**WinEQ 2022 can import your WinEQ 2 settings and manage launching and switching between EverQuest 1 windows!** Some of the features have not been fully implemented yet, but the basics are all in!

**WinEQ 2022 is open source!** While Joe Multiboxer itself is not open source, agents are! Anyone with a little tech savvy can make changes, implement new features, and even share with others.

* **Tip:** The `Basic Core Agents` are typically recommended with Joe Multiboxer. However, **all you need to install is `WinEQ 2022`**. Any other agent you install will make it do things you aren't used to happening, including dynamic Window Layouts (`Basic Window Layout`) or putting numbers on windows (`Basic Highlighter`) and so on. :)

# Getting Started
1. **Install** [Joe Multiboxer](https://joemultiboxer.com). Requires a Lavish Software subscription! If you're already subscribed for WinEQ 2 Pro, there is no additional purchase required.
2. **Download** [the latest WinEQ 2022 ZIP file](https://github.com/LavishSoftware/JMB-WinEQ-2022/archive/refs/heads/master.zip), and extract into the `Joe Multiboxer\Agents` folder, so that you have a new folder called `WinEQ 2022` and in that folder is the file `agent.json`.
3. **Launch Joe Multiboxer** 
4. **Open the main Joe Multiboxer window**, e.g. by double clicking the system tray icon usually by the clock (check hidden icons!)  
5. **Click to Import WinEQ 2 Settings** the first time you use WinEQ 2022!
6. **Launch EverQuest!** You can use the `WinEQ 2022` menu under the JMB right click menu, or the main WinEQ 2022 window within Joe Multiboxer.

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

* **WinEQ 2 had a feature to _________. Will this be available with WinEQ 2022?**
  * Yes! All features provided by WinEQ 2 will be available with WinEQ 2022! We are working fast :)

# Join us in Discord

* [ISBoxer Discord](https://discord.gg/ESxEzhs) #jmb_help
* [Lavish Software Discord](https://discord.gg/qmtPT4j) #wineq2022

Commit message:

- updated readme for JMB build 6871 which now includes a Suggested Agents window

README.md, after:

# JMB-WinEQ-2022
WinEQ 2022 is a Joe Multiboxer agent implementation of WinEQ 2, for multiboxing EverQuest.

Work is in progress!

# Overview

**WinEQ 2022**, an agent for [Joe Multiboxer](https://joemultiboxer.com), is **now available for testing** via <https://github.com/LavishSoftware/JMB-WinEQ-2022>. Here's a direct link to the download! <https://github.com/LavishSoftware/JMB-WinEQ-2022/archive/refs/heads/master.zip>

**WinEQ 2022 can import your WinEQ 2 settings and manage launching and switching between EverQuest 1 windows!** Some of the features have not been fully implemented yet, but the basics are all in!

**WinEQ 2022 is open source!** While Joe Multiboxer itself is not open source, agents are! Anyone with a little tech savvy can make changes, implement new features, and even share with others.

* **Tip:** The `Basic Core Agents` are typically recommended with Joe Multiboxer. However, **all you need to install is `WinEQ 2022`**. Any other agent you install will make it do things you aren't used to happening, including dynamic Window Layouts (`Basic Window Layout`) or putting numbers on windows (`Basic Highlighter`) and so on. :)

# Getting Started
1. **Install** [Joe Multiboxer](https://joemultiboxer.com). Requires a Lavish Software subscription! If you're already subscribed for WinEQ 2 Pro, there is no additional purchase required.
2. **Launch Joe Multiboxer** 
3. **Open the main Joe Multiboxer window**, e.g. by double clicking the system tray icon usually by the clock (check hidden icons!)  
4. **Install WinEQ 2022 from the Suggested Agents window**, just select WinEQ 2022 and click Install Now
5. **Click to Import WinEQ 2 Settings** the first time you use WinEQ 2022!
6. **Launch EverQuest!** You can use the `WinEQ 2022` menu under the JMB right click menu, or the main WinEQ 2022 window within Joe Multiboxer.

![Install WinEQ 2022 from the Suggested Agents window, just select WinEQ 2022 and click Install Now](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/779854983930839070/944607450215092244/unknown.png)

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

* **WinEQ 2 had a feature to _________. Will this be available with WinEQ 2022?**
  * Yes! All features provided by WinEQ 2 will be available with WinEQ 2022! We are working fast :)

# Join us in Discord

* [ISBoxer Discord](https://discord.gg/ESxEzhs) #jmb_help
* [Lavish Software Discord](https://discord.gg/qmtPT4j) #wineq2022
